chore: add Js string methods transcript (#58897)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/lecture-working-with-common-string-methods/67326c3392068ec6184a0c95.md

# --description--

Watch the video or read the transcript and answer the questions below.

# --transcript--

How can you repeat a string a x number of times?

When working with JavaScript, you may encounter situations where you need to repeat a string a specific number of times.

> Whether you’re generating repeated patterns or simply duplicating text, the `repeat()` method provides a simple and effective way to achieve this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether you're generating repeated patterns or simply duplicating text, the `repeat()` method provides a simple and effective way to achieve this.
```

The `repeat()` method is a built-in function in JavaScript that allows you to repeat a string a specified number of times.

Here is the basic syntax:

```js
string.repeat(count);
```

> `string` is the string that you want to repeat, and `count` is the number of times you want the string to be repeated.
> 
> Here’s an example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`string` is the string that you want to repeat, and `count` is the number of times you want the string to be repeated. Here's an example:
```

```js
let word = "Hello!";
let repeatedWord = word.repeat(3);
console.log(repeatedWord);  // Output: "Hello!Hello!Hello!"
```

> In this case, the string `"Hello!"` is repeated three times, resulting in `"Hello!Hello!Hello!"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, the string `Hello!` is repeated three times, resulting in `Hello!Hello!Hello!`.
```

While the `repeat()` method is useful, there are a few exceptions and limitations to keep in mind.

The `count` parameter must be a non-negative number. If you pass a negative number, JavaScript will throw a `RangeError`.

```js
let word = "Test";
console.log(word.repeat(-1));  // Throws RangeError: Invalid count value
```

The `count` must be a finite number. If you try to repeat a string an infinite number of times or use `Infinity` as the count, you will also get a `RangeError`.

> In JavaScript, `Infinity` is a special value that represents an infinite quantity. It’s used to denote numbers that are larger than any finite number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In JavaScript, `Infinity` is a special value that represents an infinite quantity. It's used to denote numbers that are larger than any finite number.
```

```js
let word = "Test";
console.log(word.repeat(Infinity));  // Throws RangeError: Invalid count value
```

If the count is not an integer (such as a decimal like `2.5`), the `repeat()` method will round it down to the nearest integer.

```js
let word = "Test";
console.log(word.repeat(2.5));  // Output: "TestTest"
```

If you pass `0` as the count, the `repeat()` method will return an empty string.

```js
let word = "Test";
console.log(word.repeat(0));  // Output: ""
```

The `repeat()` method can simplify tasks that involve string duplication, making your code more concise and readable.

> Whether you’re generating repeated text patterns or filling a space with characters, `repeat()` can save you from writing loops or more complex code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether you're generating repeated text patterns or filling a space with characters, `repeat()` can save you from writing loops or more complex code.
```
